PROJECTS

The Reddit Picture Frame

The idea here was to find a use for extra displays. The frame will look at the top 100 posts in r/all, pick those that link directly to an image, and display them in a random order. After getting to the end of that list (usually between 40 and 50 minutes), it will look at the new top 100 posts and start over. 

If you have a spare display, pull this up and leave it running. You will see something new every minute.


To keep bandwidth usage to an absolute minimum __ was written entirely in JavaScript. I do not keep a copy of recent images on the server. Everything is 
-link





Rmas

Rmas is a non-profit I have been working with for a while. I have contributed to all aspects of the site; from systems administration to the back and frontend development.

The goal is to help immigrants send money home easily and efficiently. We are nearing launch and will begin by focusing on zip code 11220 in Brooklyn, NY.

-link




Socially Awkward Magazine

Socially Awkward Magazine is a Wordpress site that the owner asked me for help on. I created a custom page for displaying artists who blog on the site. I also tidied up his original install by installing and removing appropriate plugins and adjusting his configuration to eliminate any security issues, etc. There is more work to be done, but the owner is not yet ready.

-link



The Skull Society

This was a weekend project for a friend. It was created in phpBB and customized to his requests.

-link


TrickleUp??

This is an ongoing project. TrickleUp was one of several non-profits who participated in the Helping Hacks hackathon in August. A team originally consisting of five people worked together to improve TrickleUp's internal data collection and visualization system. We received the "best technical solution" award. Progress is stalled waiting for more input from TrickleUp.

trickleup.org



SAMPLE CODE

===fill in later===







ABOUT

What is kth?
Pronounced "kayth";  a specific, yet arbitrary number.
1 .. k .. n

Why this theme?
The color scheme is based on my coding environment. The font is different, but Inconsolata is a better looking monospaced font for this purpose.

Who is kth?
I am a developer living in the NY/Tri-state area. Python is often my language of choice, but lately I have been using PHP and JavaScript more often. At home I run openSUSE with KDE. In the past I have used other Linux distros as well as Mac and Windows. I like "jailbreaking" my devices and eventually I do that to everything I own.

If you want to contact me fill out the form here.


math, mit ocw... discrete, linear, analysis of algs
























TODO:
about: about setup.. openSUSE, KDE, work/notwork desktop setup, backup system. have used TI-BASIC, Java, C++, Python, PHP, Javascript, HTML, CSS. JQuery, Mac Win, *nix. Opensuse, Kubuntu, Ubuntu, Mepis. phone automation. Apache, ssh, MySQL, Pyramid, 


robots.txt not to index source code!

code: MAROONED, FORMULAS, DIABLO - created in High School, lost for many years, eventually found but without access to the source, finally recovered the source recently.
MAROONED - you are deserted on a remote island. with luck you can survive long enough to signal a plane
====SCREENSHOTS====
NEED to include link to emulator!
DIABLO - A text based version of Blizzard's Diablo. All three character classes are available, can gain experience and equip different weapons. There are many monsters from the original game included as well as randomly encountered bosses.
FORMULAS - My first toes dipped into programming were short programs like this which solved whatever we were doing in Math class at the time.

catchafire - description/paraphrase of problem - "A fun puzzle someone sent me"?
given a sequence of blocks of random length, arrange them in stacks without changing their order such that the sum of the differences between each stack length and the average length of all stacks is minimized.
processing


TI-BASIC
The following (programs below) prograns are some of the first I ever wrote. they are from way during high school math, when/where i realized i could create games on my TI-84 graphing calculator. they were lost for a  long time before i discovered the? on an old cd in a box in tthe attic.  the source code was still lost for a few years after that, sine the newly discovered copies were set(configured) to be uneditable. finally, with the help of some ti assembly utikities, i was able vto recover the source.

both (executables?) and source are available. to run them, you will need to...
